use SHA384 for hashing for session cookies (#50296)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/upgrading/topics/changes/changes-26_7_0.adoc

Async custom REST endpoints using `AsyncResponse` or returning an async type such as `CompletableFuture` or `CompletionState` should not be used. If you are using them, be aware that the `KeycloakSession` used to initial the request will be immediately closed - it will not remain open for the entire lifespan of the request - and that you are fully responsible for transaction management in the async work.

=== Validation of client_session_host parameter
The `client_session_host` parameter is now validated against the client's registered nodes and management URL.
This parameter is sent by clients during token refresh and is used when the `${application.session.host}` placeholder is present in a client's backchannel logout URL configuration.
It was primarily used by legacy adapters that have been removed.
This improves security by ensuring that only trusted, pre-registered hosts can be used in backchannel logout URLs.

=== Session cookies now use SHA-384

> The `KC_AUTH_SESSION_HASH` and `KEYCLOAK_SESSION` cookies are now hashed with SHA-384 instead of SHA-256. SHA-256 is still safe; SHA-384 is simply a stronger hash that adds extra margin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `KC_AUTH_SESSION_HASH` and `KEYCLOAK_SESSION` cookies are now hashed with SHA-384 instead of SHA-256. Although SHA-256 is still safe, CNSA 2.0 specifies SHA-384 as the minimum required hashing algorithm for national security systems.
```

No configuration change is required, and active sessions are not affected. After upgrading, an old `KEYCLOAK_SESSION` cookie no longer matches the new format and is silently replaced on the user's next request. Users with a valid session stay logged in; only users whose session has already expired have to log in again, as they normally would.

> If old and new server versions run at the same time during an upgrade, requests handled by different versions produce different cookie values; the cookie is simply re-issued each time and converges once all nodes run the new version. Existing sessions remain valid throughout.

Reviewer: I think this line is not needed, this change is not going to be back-ported so no rolling upgrade, DB changes were also present that ensures it will be a full upgrade.

Author: Thanks @rmartinc , I have fixed the comments :)
